c:\Users\chudinov_d\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGCad\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\EGCad.Common.dll
c:\Users\chudinov_d\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGCad\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\EGCad.Common.pdb
c:\Users\chudinov_d\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGCad\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\chudinov_d\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGCad\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\chudinov_d\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGCad\EGCad.Common\obj\Debug\EGCad.Common.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\chudinov_d\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGCad\EGCad.Common\obj\Debug\EGCad.Common.dll
c:\Users\chudinov_d\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGCad\EGCad.Common\obj\Debug\EGCad.Common.pdb
c:\Users\chudinov_d\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGCad\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\chudinov_d\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGCad\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\Users\chudinov_d\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGCad\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\chudinov_d\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGCad\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\chudinov_d\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGCad\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\chudinov_d\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGCad\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\chudinov_d\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGCad\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\Users\chudinov_d\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGCad\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\chudinov_d\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGCad\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\chudinov_d\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGCad\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\chudinov_d\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGCad\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Chudinov_D\Documents\egcad\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\EGCad.Common.dll
C:\Users\Chudinov_D\Documents\egcad\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\EGCad.Common.pdb
C:\Users\Chudinov_D\Documents\egcad\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Chudinov_D\Documents\egcad\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Chudinov_D\Documents\egcad\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Chudinov_D\Documents\egcad\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Chudinov_D\Documents\egcad\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Chudinov_D\Documents\egcad\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Chudinov_D\Documents\egcad\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Chudinov_D\Documents\egcad\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Chudinov_D\Documents\egcad\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Chudinov_D\Documents\egcad\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Chudinov_D\Documents\egcad\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Chudinov_D\Documents\egcad\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Chudinov_D\Documents\egcad\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Chudinov_D\Documents\egcad\EGCad.Common\obj\Debug\EGCad.Common.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Chudinov_D\Documents\egcad\EGCad.Common\obj\Debug\EGCad.Common.dll
C:\Users\Chudinov_D\Documents\egcad\EGCad.Common\obj\Debug\EGCad.Common.pdb
C:\Users\Chudinov_D\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\egcad-master\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\EGCad.Common.dll
C:\Users\Chudinov_D\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\egcad-master\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\EGCad.Common.pdb
C:\Users\Chudinov_D\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\egcad-master\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Chudinov_D\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\egcad-master\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Chudinov_D\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\egcad-master\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Chudinov_D\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\egcad-master\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Chudinov_D\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\egcad-master\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Chudinov_D\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\egcad-master\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Chudinov_D\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\egcad-master\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Chudinov_D\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\egcad-master\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Chudinov_D\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\egcad-master\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Chudinov_D\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\egcad-master\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Chudinov_D\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\egcad-master\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Chudinov_D\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\egcad-master\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Chudinov_D\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\egcad-master\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Chudinov_D\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\egcad-master\EGCad.Common\obj\Debug\EGCad.Common.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Chudinov_D\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\egcad-master\EGCad.Common\obj\Debug\EGCad.Common.dll
C:\Users\Chudinov_D\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\egcad-master\EGCad.Common\obj\Debug\EGCad.Common.pdb
C:\Users\161\Documents\GitRepo\EGCad\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\EGCad.Common.dll
C:\Users\161\Documents\GitRepo\EGCad\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\EGCad.Common.pdb
C:\Users\161\Documents\GitRepo\EGCad\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\161\Documents\GitRepo\EGCad\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\161\Documents\GitRepo\EGCad\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\161\Documents\GitRepo\EGCad\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\161\Documents\GitRepo\EGCad\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\161\Documents\GitRepo\EGCad\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\161\Documents\GitRepo\EGCad\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\161\Documents\GitRepo\EGCad\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\161\Documents\GitRepo\EGCad\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\161\Documents\GitRepo\EGCad\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\161\Documents\GitRepo\EGCad\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\161\Documents\GitRepo\EGCad\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\161\Documents\GitRepo\EGCad\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\161\Documents\GitRepo\EGCad\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\161\Documents\GitRepo\EGCad\EGCad.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\161\Documents\GitRepo\EGCad\EGCad.Common\obj\Debug\EGCad.Common.dll
C:\Users\161\Documents\GitRepo\EGCad\EGCad.Common\obj\Debug\EGCad.Common.pdb
